							The Realm of Souls  	There is a vast land called Realm of Souls, a World that once died, but by the will of the planet to survive, it started to receive the first entities from an unknown plane. Those entities started to reconstruct what was erased by time, once they did finished their job they let their decendants to rule over the land according to the Planet's blessing. The entities created almost everything known by the people of Realm of Souls, and since they gone things didn't changed. This tale of the entities departure may exists for at least 20,000 years, and the architeture of many constructions, the technology used by everyone, and all kind of thing that are consumed even nowadays are mentioned in such tale. But in the  end it isn't like anyone really cares for what is evolving or not, in the  Realm of Souls life is good and adventurous, so no one really wants to change  that.
							  						Chapter 1 - The Travellers  	I used to be part of a group of friends during my childhood... Hah, we often got in trouble, because we left the town we lived in to get lost in a dungeon next there hunting for monsters. Kids never really thinks about the danger they are facing, when the adventure calls we just go when our parents weren't  looking, and in one time, one of us almost got killed by a goblin, the guy was throwing rocks at him and that probably motivated the monsters to be more aggressive, our luck is that was an adventurers party around who managed to eliminate the monsters and bring us to a safe place. Our parents became crazy, we were prohibited to see each other for one year, but it did not stoped us all to break the punishment and together go to that dungeon once again.  	We were five lads, it was me, sorceress, weapon master, Lawce and archer. No  one could tell who was more up to face a danger outside, and in the late childhood everyone got into the Adventurer School, except me, my path to became a weapon specialist was a lone path. Years later, i became a royal guard of the fallen king. You know the story, one of us commited treason against the King and disapeared, so the rest started to chase him to revenge our King. During my hunt i found sorceress, who left her party to reunite with our friends, and maybe go deeper on that dungeon of our childhood.  	We started to travel together one mounth ago. I know i have a mission to accomplish, but i miss the everyone, and who knows if Nil-Iist isn't in  somewhere that i gonna find my friends...
													  	Thives Guild Leader: - Cut off the monologue! So you're saying you two came to this village in the middle of nowhere, the heaven of criminals, looking for Lawce cuz you're childhood friends??? HAHAHAHAHAHA, you make me laugh, Lawce is someone that has nothing to lose, the guy even caused trouble here in this guild, he's a type that doesn't have friends or family and nothing with value to protect, he's just a walking hollow, seeking for adrenaline... I see no reason for a guard like you be chasing him if not to claim his head. Guess what! I want he dead also. so let's make a contract, i give you all the information you want, and you bring me his head!  	Ai-Ophio: - Ha! And why should it?!  	Thives Guild Leader: - Do what i ask and the girl doesn't get harmed!  	Ai-Ophio: - Oh... You sure have courage, first to call this deprecated place a "Thieves Guild" and for think you and your friend really represent some risk to anyone than yourselves. Let's make a more realistic deal, you guys say whatever you know abut Lawce's location and we forgive you two for messing with us. So what do you think? 
