							The Realm of Souls

	There is a vast land called Realm of Souls, a World that once died, but by
the will of the planet to survive, it started to receive the first entities from
an unknown plane. Those entities started to reconstruct what was erased by time,
once they did finished their job they let their decendants to rule over the land
according to the Planet's blessing. The entities created almost everything known
by the people of Realm of Souls, and since they gone things didn't changed. This
tale of the entities departure may exists for at least 20,000 years, and the
architeture of many constructions, the technology used by everyone, and all kind
of thing that are consumed even nowadays are mentioned in such tale. But in the 
end it isn't like anyone really cares for what is not evolving or not, in the 
Realm of Souls life is good and adventurous, so no one really wants to change 
that.

						Chapter 1 - The Travellers

	I used to part of a group of friends during my childhood... Hah, we often
got in trouble, because we left the town we lived in to get lost in a dungeon
next there hunting for monsters. Kids never really thinks about the danger they
are facing, when the adventure calls we just go when our parents weren't 
looking, and in one time, one of us almost got killed by a goblin, the guy was
throwing rocks at him and that probably motivated the monsters to be more
aggressive, our luck is that was an adventurers party around who managed to
eliminate the monsters and bring us to a safe place. Our parents became crazy,
we were prohibited to see each other for one year, but it did not stoped us all
to break the punishment and together go to that dungeon once again.

	We were five lads, it was me, sorceress, weapon master, Lawce and archer. No 
one could tell who was more up to face a danger outside, and in the late
childhood everyone got into the Adventurer School, except me, my path to became
a weapon specialist was a lone path. Years later, i became a royal guard of the
fallen king. You know the story, one of us commited treason against the King and
disapeared, so the rest started to chase him to revenge our King. During my hunt
i found sorceress, who left her party to reunite with our friends, and maybe go
deeper on that dungeon of our childhood.

	We started to travel together one mounth ago. I know i have a mission to
accomplish, but i miss the everyone, and who knows if Nil-Iist isn't in 
somewhere that i gonna find my friends...
